docs: portal how-to configuration and flavor page updates (#2721)
defenseunicorns/uds-core: docs/concepts/platform/flavors.mdx

  order: 3.005
---

> import { Card, LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

Author: Good catch, had added that with an earlier iteration.  Removing

## Available flavors

| Flavor | Image Source | Hardening | Availability | Typical Use |
|--------|-------------|-----------|-------------|-------------|
| **`unicorn`** | Defense Unicorns curated registry | FIPS-validated, near-zero CVE posture | Private | Production deployments with Defense Unicorns support agreement |
| **`registry1`** | [Iron Bank](https://p1.dso.mil/services/iron-bank) (DoD hardened images) | STIG-hardened, CVE-scanned | Public | Production deployments requiring DoD compliance |
| **`upstream`** | Default chart sources (Docker Hub, GHCR, Quay) | Community-maintained | Public | Local development, CI, demos |

> [!WARNING]
> Do not use the `upstream` flavor in production. Its community-maintained images may not meet the hardening or CVE-scanning requirements of regulated environments.

<Card title="Unicorn flavor" icon="star">
The `unicorn` flavor is the Defense Unicorns supported option for production. Its images are FIPS-validated and undergo additional patching and curation, giving it a near-zero CVE posture.

> **Compare CVE counts:** You can view current CVE counts for the `upstream` and `registry1` flavors on the [UDS Registry Core Package](https://registry.defenseunicorns.com/repo/public/core/versions). The `unicorn` flavor undergoes additional patching and curation by Defense Unicorns, resulting in significantly fewer CVEs.

Reviewer: while you're here you can fix my mistake here. that link doesn't have unicorn in it
```suggestion
**Compare CVE counts:** You can view current CVE counts for the `upstream` and `registry1` flavors on the [UDS Registry Core Package](https://registry.defenseunicorns.com/repo/airgap-store/core/versions). The `unicorn` flavor undergoes additional patching and curation by Defense Unicorns, resulting in significantly fewer CVEs.
```

Author: Ah, was curious about that. Fixed--thanks!
